TELCODOCS-2202-RN-419 update for DPU Operator RN (#93275)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-19-release-notes.adoc

For more information, see xref:../networking/ptp/about-ptp.adoc#ptp-dual-ports-oc_about-ptp[Using dual-port NICs to improve redundancy for PTP ordinary clocks].

[id="ocp-4-19-dpu-device-management-with-dpu-operator_{context}"]
==== Enabling DPU device management with the DPU Operator

> With this release, {product-title} introduces the DPU Operator, enabling management of Data Processing Unit (DPU) devices. The DPU Operator manages components on compute nodes with DPUs, enabling the offloading of data workloads like networking, storage, and security. This leads to improved cluster performance, reduced latency, and enhanced security, contributing to a more efficient infrastructure. For more information, see  xref:../networking/networking_operators/dpu-operator/about-dpu.adoc#about-dpu-and-dpu-operator[About DPU and the DPU Operator].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, {product-title} introduces the Data Processing Unit (DPU) Operator, enabling management of  DPU devices. The DPU Operator manages components on compute nodes with DPUs, enabling the offloading of data workloads such as networking, storage, and security. This leads to improved cluster performance, reduced latency, and enhanced security, contributing to a more efficient infrastructure. For more information, see  xref:../networking/networking_operators/dpu-operator/about-dpu.adoc#about-dpu-and-dpu-operator[About DPU and the DPU Operator].
```
See ISG: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#l
